Even though in this diagram you're going to see that we're using
mostly AWS as specific icons,
you can be reassured that this components have
similar names when it comes to other Cloud providers.
For example, you have compute resources,
you have BMs, you have load balancers.
These resources have the exact same names
when you take them to Microsoft Azure or Google Cloud.
In fact, this is the exact same thing.
In Google Cloud, they call it BPC.
As well as Amazon, they call it BPC.
It's just virtual private Cloud.
It's not really a marketing name.
It's the actual name of the tool that you can use.
So this knowledge can certainly apply if
you end up using a different Cloud provider other than Amazon.
Another thing that you should know is that there are
reference architectures that you can google,
and this reference architecture will show you
a diagram similar to what we are looking at today,
and that can help you also breach the gap of the name of
a specific service when it comes to another Cloud.
For example, you can have let's say a WordPress deployment.
You can look at that and AWS and then look for the similar deployment in Microsoft Azure,
and that way, they're probably going to be very similar.
So you can use that in order to be able to
compare names and learn the proper name in the Cloud provider that you'll be using.